Let's just skip all that and let's just
say, "Hey, agent, you need to build your
own programming language. We don't care
to read what it is, but as part of your
programming language, I'm going to tell
you to build things, websites, whatever,
whatever, whatever. You design what you
feel like you need, and I'm just going
to tell you what I want, and you're
going to figure it out." Right? You just
design, and I don't need to read it. I'm
not going to review your code. We're
getting to the point we've we've hit I
think my opinion
we've hit the last programming language
you'll ever need. We're done. And the
programming language is your native
tongue or English because I speak that
or you know Portuguese or whatever
whatever language you're speaking. That
is the end of the that's that is the end
game. If you can get to that level and
talk to a computer with whatever you
understand,
we're